Updating release notes format (#1438)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/release-notes/09-April-2022/scheduler-improvements.md

---
title: "Scheduler performance improvements"
id: "scheduler-improvements"
description: "scheduler, which has much faster prep times, especially at the top of the hour."
sidebar_label: "Improvement: Scheduler performance"
tags: [April-19-2022]
---

> We rolled out our new distributed scheduler, which has much faster prep times, especially at the top of the hour. We share more about our work and improvements on the [blog](https://blog.getdbt.com/scheduler-improvement/).

Author: ```suggestion
We rolled out our new distributed scheduler, which has much faster prep times, especially at the top of the hour. We share more about our work and improvements in our [product news blog post](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/a-good-problem-to-have/).
```
